Category	Tool	Description
binary	afl	State-of-the-art fuzzer.
binary	angr	Next-generation binary analysis engine from Shellphish.
binary	barf	Binary Analysis and Reverse-engineering Framework.
binary	bindead	A static analysis tool for binaries.
binary	checksec	Check binary hardening settings.
binary	codereason	Semantic Binary Code Analysis Framework.
binary	crosstool-ng	Cross-compilers and cross-architecture tools.
binary	elfkickers	A set of utilities for working with ELF files.
binary	evilize	Tool to create MD5 colliding binaries
binary	gdb	Up-to-date gdb with python2 bindings.
binary	peda	Enhanced environment for gdb.
binary	preeny	A collection of helpful preloads (compiled for many architectures!).
binary	villoc	Visualization of heap operations.
binary	qemu	Latest version of qemu!
binary	pathgrind	Path-based, symbolically-assisted fuzzer.
binary	virtualsocket	A nice library to interact with binaries.
binary	pwntools	Useful CTF utilities.
binary	python-pin	Python bindings for pin.
binary	radare2	Some crazy thing crowell likes.
binary	shellnoob	Shellcode writing helper.
binary	taintgrind	A valgrind taint analysis tool.
binary	qira	Parallel, timeless debugger.
binary	xrop	Gadget finder.
binary	rp++	Another gadget finder.
forensics	binwalk	Firmware (and arbitrary file) analysis tool.
forensics	dislocker	Tool for reading Bitlocker encrypted partitions.
forensics	exetractor	Unpacker for packed Python executables. Supports PyInstaller and py2exe.
forensics	firmware-mod-kit	Tools for firmware packing/unpacking.
forensics	testdisk	Testdisk and photorec for file recovery.
forensics	pdf-parser	Tool for digging in PDF files
forensics	scrdec	A decoder for encoded Windows Scripts.
crypto	cribdrag	Interactive crib dragging tool (for crypto).
crypto	foresight	A tool for predicting the output of random number generators. To run, launch "foresee".
crypto	hashpump	A tool for performing hash length extension attaacks.
crypto	hashpump-partialhash	Hashpump, supporting partially-unknown hashes.
crypto	hash-identifier	Simple hash algorithm identifier.
crypto	littleblackbox	Database of private SSL/SSH keys for embedded devices.
crypto	msieve	Msieve is a C library implementing a suite of algorithms to factor large integers.
crypto	pemcrack	SSL PEM file cracker.
crypto	reveng	CRC finder.
crypto	ssh_decoder	A tool for decoding ssh traffic. You will need ruby1.8 from https://launchpad.net/~brightbox/+archive/ubuntu/ruby-ng to run this. Run with ssh_decoder --help for help, as running it with no arguments causes it to crash.
crypto	sslsplit	SSL/TLS MITM.
crypto	python-paddingoracle	Padding oracle attack automation.
crypto	xortool	XOR analysis tool.
crypto	yafu	Automated integer factorization.
web	burpsuite	Web proxy to do naughty web stuff.
web	commix	Command injection and exploitation tool.
web	dirs3arch	Web path scanner.
web	sqlmap	SQL injection automation engine.
web	subbrute	A DNS meta-query spider that enumerates DNS records, and subdomains.
stego	sound-visualizer	Audio file visualization.
stego	stegdetect	Steganography detection/breaking tool.
stego	steganabara	Antoher image steganography solver.
stego	stegsolve	Image steganography solver.
android	apktool	Dissect, dis-assemble, and re-pack Android APKs
